project-plan/TASKS.md, before:

# Project Tasks

## Uncompleted Tasks

### Priority 1 (Critical)
- [x] Update: Open Calculator buttons now navigate to the respective calculator page and auto-scroll to top (feature/calculator-navigation, 2025-06-12)
- [x] Implement Save Calculation Functionality for BMI Calculator (Frontend & mock backend complete) (feature/bmi-save-calc-ui-test, 2025-05-19)
- [ ] Implement Save Calculation Functionality for other calculators (Backend needed)
- [ ] Add remaining calculators (e.g., QTc Interval, HAS-BLED (in progress, see branch feature/has-bled-calculator), CHA₂DS₂-VASc, eGFR, Creatinine Clearance, etc.)
- [ ] Refine existing calculators based on user feedback
- [ ] Improve sidebar mobile UX: close sidebar when a navigation option is chosen
- [ ] Implement QTc Interval Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement CHA₂DS₂-VASc Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement eGFR Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement Creatinine Clearance Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement Fractional Excretion of Sodium Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement NIH Stroke Scale Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement Glasgow Coma Scale Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement FOUR Score Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement CURB-65 Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement Wells Score Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement A-a Gradient Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement Suggestion Box widget (in progress, see branch feature/suggestion-box-widget)
- [ ] Improve Suggestion Box UI to be more user friendly (in progress, see branch feature/suggestion-box-ui-improvement)
- [ ] Improve Saved Calculations page UI for better appeal and user-friendliness (feature/saved-calculations-ui-improvement, 2024-06-13)

### Priority 2 (High)
- [ ] Implement unit tests for all calculator components (Some tests exist, need comprehensive coverag

## Completed Tasks

- [x] Set up project structure - 2025-05-13
- [x] Create initial UI design system - 2025-05-13
- [x] Implement navigation framework - 2025-05-13
- [x] Add calculator categories to the side menu (feature/sidebar-calculator-categories) - 2024-06-09
- [x] Improved sidebar animation and accessibility (smoother transitions, responsive width, ARIA/focus features) - 2025-05-18
- [x] Improved calculator input field outlines and user-friendliness (2025-06-10) - Updated Input component for visible border and focus state using medical primary color for clarity and accessibility
- [x] Change sidebar top label from Menu to Dashboard and link to dashboard ('/calculators') - 2025-06-11
- [x] Implement real ASCVD Risk Calculator (feature/ascvd-risk-calculator, 2024-06-13)
- [x] Remove notification bell from Navbar (feature/remove-notification-bell, 2024-06-14)

Commit message:

feat(profile): improved profile page UI, editable username, profile image upload, and project plan updates

project-plan/TASKS.md, after:

# Project Tasks

## Uncompleted Tasks

### Priority 1 (Critical)
- [x] Update: Open Calculator buttons now navigate to the respective calculator page and auto-scroll to top (feature/calculator-navigation, 2025-06-12)
- [x] Implement Save Calculation Functionality for BMI Calculator (Frontend & mock backend complete) (feature/bmi-save-calc-ui-test, 2025-05-19)
- [ ] Implement Save Calculation Functionality for other calculators (Backend needed)
- [ ] Add remaining calculators (e.g., QTc Interval, HAS-BLED (in progress, see branch feature/has-bled-calculator), CHA₂DS₂-VASc, eGFR, Creatinine Clearance, etc.)
- [ ] Refine existing calculators based on user feedback
- [ ] Improve sidebar mobile UX: close sidebar when a navigation option is chosen
- [ ] Implement QTc Interval Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement CHA₂DS₂-VASc Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement eGFR Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement Creatinine Clearance Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement Fractional Excretion of Sodium Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement NIH Stroke Scale Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement Glasgow Coma Scale Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement FOUR Score Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement CURB-65 Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement Wells Score Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement A-a Gradient Calculator (in progress)
- [ ] Implement Suggestion Box widget (in progress, see branch feature/suggestion-box-widget)
- [ ] Improve Suggestion Box UI to be more user friendly (in progress, see branch feature/suggestion-box-ui-improvement)
- [ ] Improve Saved Calculations page UI for better appeal and user-friendliness (feature/saved-calculations-ui-improvement, 2024-06-13)
- [ ] Replace Suggestion Box widget icon with a more appropriate icon (BallotBox or Vote) (feature/suggestion-box-icon-update, 2025-06-12)
- [ ] Remove the "Settings" and "Theme" section from the profile page. Add a profile image at the top with the option to change the profile image. Allow the user to change the user name as well. (in progress)

### Priority 2 (High)
- [ ] Implement unit tests for all calculator components (Some tests exist, need comprehensive coverag

## Completed Tasks

- [x] Set up project structure - 2025-05-13
- [x] Create initial UI design system - 2025-05-13
- [x] Implement navigation framework - 2025-05-13
- [x] Add calculator categories to the side menu (feature/sidebar-calculator-categories) - 2024-06-09
- [x] Improved sidebar animation and accessibility (smoother transitions, responsive width, ARIA/focus features) - 2025-05-18
- [x] Improved calculator input field outlines and user-friendliness (2025-06-10) - Updated Input component for visible border and focus state using medical primary color for clarity and accessibility
- [x] Change sidebar top label from Menu to Dashboard and link to dashboard ('/calculators') - 2025-06-11
- [x] Implement real ASCVD Risk Calculator (feature/ascvd-risk-calculator, 2024-06-13)
- [x] Remove notification bell from Navbar (feature/remove-notification-bell, 2024-06-14)
